Update Epidural and motor block.md (#59)
inform-us/requirements_specifications: informus/rules/Epidural and motor block.md

DAY shift week is Monday 08:15 to Sunday 20:14
NIGHT shift week is Sunday 20:15 to Monday 08:14

- fetch data for the week
- process to get hourly epochs (don't compare left to right and vice versa)
- if more than one data point in the one hour epoch, retain most recent

> - calcualte average _Dt betwen left and right of same epoch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- calculate `average_dt` between left and right of same epoch
```
